fix: replace rgba() with rgb() in code blocks (#35613)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_values_and_units/index.md

White space is allowed, but optional inside the parentheses. (But see notes regarding whitespace within pages for `min()`, `max()`, `minmax()`, and `clamp()` functions.)

> Commas are generally only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.

Reviewer: Mention that colors don't need commas, because not everyone will know this

Author: The section is not about colors, they were used only as an example. Using `linear-gradient()` as an example now:

```suggestion
Some functional notations, such as [`linear-gradient()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/linear-gradient) use commas, but commas are generally only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.
```

> Some functional notations, such as [`linear-gradient()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/linear-gradient) use commas, but commas are generally only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.

Reviewer 2: I think there's no harm in the note about legacy syntax here, what do you reckon?

Author: The note is not about the legacy syntax. It is about the optional white spaces when commas are used in functional notation values. The `rgb()` and `rgba()` functions are used just as an example. So there is no harm in using a new example and future proofing the content by removing `rgb()` and `rgba()`.

Author: I don't agree, but reverting to get the PR merged.
```suggestion
Some legacy functional notations, such as legacy syntax for `rgb()`, `rgba()`, `hsl()`, and `hsla()`, used commas, but commas are generally only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.
```
